And The Last Lecture we learned about local references.
Now there is also another way of getting access to local references or to any element actually directly
from within our typescript code.
Right now we're passing the reference here when we call a method and that works fine but sometimes you
want to get access before we call the method.
And there is a nice decorator we can use in typescript to get this access.
Let's do the same for the server content.
So hearable quickly duplicate that input and comment out the old solution using two web winding and
a new solution will not use two way binding but instead this will now also have a local reference the
server content input maybe.
Now in the cockpit component I will also comment out the old news server content here and I will add
a new property which all name server content input no server content input like this is just a property
but we can add at viewer child in front of it.
This decorator with parentheses.
And we need to import view child from an angle or core now view child like this won't work.
We need to pass an argument here and this argument actually is de-select or of the element how we want
to select the element and select or now not like s.c.s as selector.
But for example we can simply pass as a string the name of a local reference so server content input
could now be passed as a string.
If you don't want to pass a string but want to select a component you could simply pass the component
type here.
So in clock and we don't use any other components but in Yapp component we could pass a cockpit component.
So the type like does not like a string to get access to the first occurrence of this cockpit component
in the app component.
But here I'll switch just back to getting access to the local reference which probably is the use case
you will see the most often.
And with that we now get access to our server content input.
Now what does this actually hold then.
Let's quickly comment.
Our kids are dead it doesn't break.
And let's log this server content inputs our property here which is kind of set Frue view child.
So with this if all to comment at this hour down here so that we can run our app and if I now safe this
and we go back to our application and I enter something here and I click add server we see that this
is a type element ref.
So unlike the local reference we passed directly from the template wired method which was the element
itself.
This is of type element.
RATH So we can set this type here element ref a reference to that element Element ref needs to be imported
from an angle or core.
It's a angular type.
So this element ref however has a useful property we can use.
And that's the native element property we can use server content.
Whoops this server content input here and then native element to get access to the underlying element
which now has a value because this will now be the input element.
Now we can do the same of course for the on and blueprint method.
And with this we get direct access to elements in our dorm in our template Frue at view child.
And you should see that this now works again if we Andrew some content here and click the buttons works
perfectly now without two way binding.
But with local references past two methods or local references fetched through view child.
Now one important thing to watch out for is you should not change the element fruitless because of course
you could use our server can't input the native element and then set value to something right.
You can do this and if we actually do that like this and I click at the blueprint you'll see something
was added to year.
I strongly recommend not doing this.
You should not access to Dom like this angler offers you a better way of accessing the dawn and you
will learn about this in the directives section.
Generally you should use the other tools like string interpellation and property binding if you want
to output something in the dorm and not directly mess with any elements you can get.
Even though if you have gotten them through angular